it's the moment Palestinians and Rafa
have been
dreading an Israeli warning on Monday
morning to leave Eastern neighborhoods
before it starts a ground attack has
caused severe
Panic with the little possessions they
have Palestinians are on the move again
the majority have been displaced several
times since the war started last
year traumatized this mother tells her
family to pack whatever they can she's
scared she says of what lies
ahead only God knows if we'll end up
without a home again we don't know where
to go we don't know if Israel will
destroy our house or if we'll live or
die many of those forced to leave are
children their parents are left with
little
choice we don't know where to go masasi
is full of people and K Yunis is
overcrowded they won't open the Egyptian
border for us so where should we go I
can't explain how we feel the Israeli
military dropped leaflets from the air
warning the extreme force will be used
on Rafa a city already overwhelmed with
1 and a half million Palestinians
Sheltering there and this is one of the
areas that Israel has told tens of
thousands of Palestinians to move to El
maasi an overcrowded Shoreline with
makeshift tents as far as the eye can
see the Israeli military also wants them
to go to some of the most heavily bombed
places since the war started like Khan
yunas and de balah areas that have
turned into Rubble where the Health Care
system has collapsed and the
humanitarian situation is dire Aid
agencies warn bombing Rafa will have
catastrophic consequences and we were
told that there's no way the South would
endure the same ferocity of the north
and now we have car unus which is
Devastation like no one has ever seen
before so we going to see that again in
Rafa a we will see a lot of people
killed in bombardment B disease which is
already taking root will spread like
wild FL fire and then when this is done
then there is nowhere in Gaza then you
are talking about
Rubble Rafa has been the last remaining
part of the Gaza Strip that hasn't been
heavily bombed there have been
negotiations between Israel and Hamas in
kir for a potential ceasefire in
Gaza but Israel continues to ignore
International pressure including from
its allly us to stay away from
Rafa what did this baby do to deserve
this asked this woman as she holds her
orphaned relative killed in an Israeli
air strike on
Sunday too young she says to even know
what a Palestinian is or an
Israeli a baby whose short life only saw
War
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer